Part I

1. make a directory called first
mkdir first

2. change directory to the first folder
cd first

3. create a file called person.txt
touch person.txt

4. change the name of person.txt to another.txt
mv person.txt another.txt

5. make a copy of the another.txt file and call it copy.txt
cp another.txt copy.txt

6. remove the copy.txt file
rm copy.txt

7. make a copy of the first folder and call it second
cd .. (to get out of the first folder)
cp -r first second

8. delete the second folder
rm -rf second

Part II

1. What does the man command do? Type in man rm. How do you scroll and get out?
The man command displays a command's manual.
- Up and down arrow keys to scroll up and down
- Left and right arrow keys scroll sideways
- Enter also scrolls down the page
- PageUp and PageDown keys scroll up and down by a screen of text
- Home and End keys scroll to the start and end of the manual text
- Q to quit and return to the terminal

2. Look at the man page for ls. What does the -l flag do? What does the -a flag do?
ls -l: "use a long listing format"
ls -a: "do not ignore entries starting with ."

3. How do you jump between words in the terminal?
Windows: CTRL or ALT + left/right arrow keys

4. How do you get to the end of a line in terminal?
Windows: CTRL+E or the End key

5. How do you move your cursor to the beginning in terminal?
Windows: CTRL+A or the Home key

6. How do you delete a word (without pressing backspace multiple times) in terminal?
CTRL+W deletes to the left
CTRL+Delete deletes to the right

7. What is the difference between a terminal and shell?
The terminal is the hardware or software device that provides a command-line interface
to work with the computer.  A shell processes commands and returns output.

8. What is an absolute path?
Location of a file or directory starting at root: /dir1/dir2/file.ext

9. What is an relative path?
Location of a file or directory from the current directory: ../../dir1/dir2/file.ext

10. What is a flag? Give three examples of flags you have used.
Flags change how a command operates.
-h or --help tells many commands to display a brief help text
-r is a common flag to tell commands to process recursively through subdirectories
--upgradable tells apt list to only show upgradable packages

11. What do the r and f flags do with the rm command?
-r removes files and directories recursively through subdirectories
-f tells rm to "just do it" ignoring issues like readonly attributes